`CONTRIBUTING.md`: improve docs for running tests (especially on Windows) (#12898)
python/mypy: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Setup

#### (1) Clone the mypy repository and enter into it
```
git clone https://github.com/python/mypy.git
cd mypy
```

#### (2) Create then activate a virtual environment
```
# On Windows, the commands may be slightly different. For more details, see
# https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

#### (3) Install the test requirements and the project
```
python3 -m pip install -r test-requirements.txt
python3 -m pip install -e .

> hash -r  # This command isn't necessary if you're on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hash -r  # This resets shell PATH cache, not necessary on Windows
```

```

### Running tests

Running the full test suite can take a while, and usually isn't necessary when
preparing a PR. Once you file a PR, the full test suite will run on GitHub.
You'll then be able to see any test failures, and make any necessary changes to
your PR.

However, if you wish to do so, you can run the full test suite
like this:
```
python3 runtests.py
```

> Some magic incantations for running tests include:

Reviewer: Can we also move the bit about tox up before this?

```suggestion
Some useful commands for running specific tests include:
```

Author: I moved it down a bit because I figured that first-time contributors probably weren't so likely to be using `tox`. But I can move it back up again :)

```
# Use mypy to check mypy's own code

> python3 runtests.py self

Reviewer: I'd like to keep the "equivalent" command. People often try to run mypy on mypy directly and it's useful to know what the command to do so is.

Author: I axed it for brevity, but fair enough, I'll add it back!

# Run a single test from the test suite
pytest -n0 -k 'test_name'

# Run all test cases in the "test-data/unit/check-dataclasses.test" file

> pytest -n0 mypy/test/testcheck.py::TypeCheckSuite::check-dataclasses.test

Reviewer: Remove the `-n0`, xdist might actually be useful here

Author: ```suggestion
pytest mypy/test/testcheck.py::TypeCheckSuite::check-dataclasses.test
```

### Setup

#### (1) Clone the mypy repository and enter into it
```
git clone https://github.com/python/mypy.git
cd mypy
```

#### (2) Create then activate a virtual environment
```
# On Windows, the commands may be slightly different. For more details, see
# https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

#### (3) Install the test requirements and the project
```
python3 -m pip install -r test-requirements.txt
python3 -m pip install -e .
hash -r  # This resets shell PATH cache, not necessary on Windows
```

### Running tests

Running the full test suite can take a while, and usually isn't necessary when
preparing a PR. Once you file a PR, the full test suite will run on GitHub.
You'll then be able to see any test failures, and make any necessary changes to
your PR.

However, if you wish to do so, you can run the full test suite
like this:
```
python3 runtests.py
```

> Mypy uses `pytest` as its test runner, but `tox` can also be used to run tests,
> for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `tox` to run tests (`tox` handles setting up the test environment for you):
```
